+++
title = "Google Analytics Ecommerce Tracking For Freshbooks - Attributio"
name = "Freshbooks"
keywords = "freshbooks, fresh books, google analytics, accounting, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Connect Google Analytics with Freshbooks to find out where your leads are coming from. Track leads from the source - from search to ppc."
logo = "/img/platform/accounting/freshbooks.png"
what = "FreshBooks is an award-winning finance & accounting software and one of the best cloud solutions for small business owners. It is the current holder of FinancesOnline’s Best Accounting Software Award for 2018 and has the highest customer satisfaction rates of all similar apps in this category. FreshBooks is developed and marketed by 2ndsite Inc. The company was founded in 2003 and is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The software integrates seamlessly with a variety of third-party apps such as Stripe, Shopify, PayPal, and G Suite, among others, to extend the app’s functionalities."
benefit = "With FreshBooks you can spend less time on accounting and more time doing the work you love. It is a reliable and fast accounting suite that turns otherwise complex financial management into an enjoyable experience. Creating professional-looking invoices can be done in a few clicks as the software doesn’t require experience in accounting. It automates tasks such as client follow up, time tracking, expenses organization to save you more time. Its online payment solutions help you get paid faster. "
why = "Freshbooks is popular among businesses for streamlining client invoicing and time tracking processes. You can customize the branding of your financial documents by modifying its design, colors, and logo to be more professional. It automates tasks like invoicing, organizing expenses, tracking your time and following up with clients in just a few clicks. It also offers multi-currency invoicing that enables you to bill customers in local currency. FreshBooks lives in the cloud so you can securely access it from your desktop, phone and tablet wherever you are. "
+++
