+++
title = "Google Analytics Form Tracking For Gravity Forms - Attributio"
name = "Gravity Forms"
keywords = "gravityforms, gravity forms, google analytics, cms, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Connect Google Analytics with gravity forms to find out where your leads are coming from. Track leads from the source - from search to ppc."
logo = ""
what = "Gravity Forms is a paid WordPress form builder plugin that comes with a lot of advanced functionality and features. They also specialize in helping developers build complex form related solutions. Gravity Forms is the easiest tool to create advanced forms for your WordPress-powered website. The conditional logic feature of Gravity Forms plays a large part in making this one of the most powerful WordPress form solutions. By using conditional logic you can enable advanced routing of form entries, helping to ensure messages are delivered to the right department or team member depending on the contents of the form information."
benefit = "With Gravity Forms, you can create almost any type of form, including user surveys, polls, file upload forms, support requests, online orders, quizzes, and questionnaires. Thanks to the rich text editor field, even fully formatted WordPress post submissions are accepted by Gravity Forms. Through its configuration settings, you get a great deal of control over how users can interact with your forms and how form entries are handled."
why = "With the help of additional add-ons, you can use Gravity Forms to create surveys, quizzes, user submitted content, and even web directories. It comes with premium support options like FAQs, knowledge base, forums, and email support. This means that help is available when you need it. All of the Gravity Forms fields can be customized and configured in a number of ways. "
+++