+++
title = "Google Analytics Call Tracking For RingCentral - Attributio"
name = "RingCentral"
keywords = "ringcentral, ring central, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Connect Google Analytics with RingCentral to find out where your leads are coming from. Track leads from the source - from search to ppc."
logo = "/img/platform/call-tracking/ringcentral.png"
what = "RingCentral is a cloud based phone system that promises to deliver a secure, hosted phone and fax functionality over the internet for your company with its PBX features and more. RingCentral is a business communication solution that allows you to make and receive calls through the internet. Its voice-over-internet-protocol (VoIP) phone system comes with features like call monitoring, directory listing, and more. It has strong mobile support from both Android and iOS keeping your remote team connected and organized."
benefit = "With its cloud-based structuring, RingCentral eliminates the need for additional costs that come with a physical communication set up, like hardware, software, maintenance, training, space, operators, etc. This means you can save time and resources without compromising communication capability and quality. On top of that, this software unites all locations, and helps your work just as good offsite as you do onsite."
why = "Eliminating the need for expensive and complex office hardware,  RingCentral allows you to use your smartphone, tablet, computer, or dedicated hardware to make and receive calls giving your customers the impression you are in a traditional office whether you are in the office or not. With RingCentral you can work in your car, in the park, or anywhere you have an internet connection. Managing the system will be just as easy as it is to set up, and there will hardly ever be a need to consult technicians or spend money on expensive training and repairs."
+++