+++
title = "Lead Analytics For Zendesk Sell (Base CRM) | Attributio"
name = "Base CRM"
keywords = "basecrm, base crm, zendesk sell, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in Zendesk Sell (Base CRM). Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/base.png"
what = "Base CRM is a modern, easy-to-use Sales Force Automation (or SFA) solution that was built with the needs of salespeople in mind. On September 10, 2018 Base (now Sell) was acquired by Zendesk so service and sales teams can better collaborate and improve the customer experience. Like Zendesk, Base was designed to make your job easier. Now called Zendesk Sell, it allows you to manage sales, track leads and engage proactively with customers from anywhere. The system features a standalone sales automation module with options for integrated channel management and web self-service capabilities. It has native applications for iOs, Android and Windows phones."
benefit = "Acting as a Sales Force Automation (SFA) tool, Zendesk Sell (formerly Base CRM) can enhance your productivity, processes, and pipeline visibility for your sales teams. You can access support tickets directly from Sell making your conversation with a customer visible across the organization because it has a feature that puts all customer interactions in one dynamic interface for an efficient and seamless process. You can funnel leads from multiple sources including websites, spreadsheets or any marketing platform."
why = "If you want to establish and monitor your sales process, quotas and goals for specific teams and reps via smartphone or other mobile devices, Zendesk Sell (formerly Base CRM) will let you do that because it has a sales reporting feature. It will enable you to capture, organize and properly track leads. Also you don’t have to configure third party tools to making calls, tracking data, and recording them."
+++
