+++
title = "Lead Analytics For HubSpot CRM | Attributio"
name = "HubSpot CRM"
keywords = "hubspot, hubspot crm, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in HubSpot CRM. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = ""
what = "Hubspot CRM is customer based lead management tool which helps you keep an eye on each and every lead and tracks its status. It is one of the leading CRM apps currently available in the market and winner of Expert’s Choice Awards for 2018. HubSpot CRM is currently a certified, premier Google partner, and is a solution that suits well all niches and industries."
benefit = "Free and simple, HubSpot CRM is built to be a platform that allows you to get started quickly without making much of a change in your existing workflow. It is a solution ideal for people who are still starting to recognize the value of CRM and want to try it out or for enterprises that are not using their existing CRM systems to their fullest potential. It helps you reduce the time and efforts in filtering out the best leads. HubSpot CRM involves all the customer-oriented processes in a company, such as sales, marketing, and technical support and also helps in automating, tracking, and organizing communication with customers. With HubSpot CRM, you can grow your traffic, convert leads, and improve your ROI."
why = "Hubspot CRM is a portal that allows you to track your leads, customers and evangelists. You can send emails, create tasks and track deals within the same system. All this information is stored in an approachable format chronologically, so your entire team can track all relevant communication form one place. Hubspot CRM also collects and displays your available contact information and populates missing information from their database, to complete your contact and company profiles. It is free and available to you regardless of budget."
+++
