+++
title = "Lead Analytics For Microsoft Dynamics CRM | Attributio"
name = "Microsoft Dynamics CRM"
keywords = "microsoftdynamicscrm, microsoft dynamics crm, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in Microsoft Dynamics CRM. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/microsoftdynamicscrm.png"
what = "Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a customer relationship management software package developed by Microsoft. The product focuses mainly on sales, marketing, and service (help desk) sectors, but Microsoft has been marketing Dynamics CRM as a CRM platform and has been encouraging partners to use its proprietary (.NET based) framework to customize it. It is part of the Microsoft Dynamics family of business applications, with the current version called as Dynamics 365 (October Update). Microsoft Dynamics CRM offers companies the ability to keep their Microsoft Dynamics software applications either on-premises, in the cloud, or a combination of the two. With Microsoft Dynamics CRM online, you can have exceptional access to social data for lead generation and relationship management to make your every customer conversation more relevant, valuable, and productive."
benefit = "With  Microsoft Dynamics CRM, you can easily collaborate across teams, geographies, and work groups with instant visibility into their pipeline from anywhere, on any device. Microsoft Dynamics CRM provides a comprehensive capability for customer service and support to help in order to reduce service response times, improve case resolutions, and increase customer self-service. With Microsoft Dynamics CRM, you can manage and exceed SLAs, turn sentiments into opportunities, monitor brand presence, and track strategic initiatives across marketing, sales, and customer service. It provides a security model that protects data integrity and privacy and supports efficient data access and collaboration."
why = "Microsoft Dynamics CRM comes with a native mobile app. CRM entities can be accessed via mobile devices and can be configured to display only key information that is pertinent in the field. You can view, update, and create CRM data on the move, allowing for increased productivity while working remotely. The Microsoft Dynamics CRM app can be further customized or extended to meet complex requirements. You can capture all customer touch points such as phone or email interactions, appointments, exchanged letters, faxes, etc. to generate a single view of the customer."
+++
