+++
title = "Lead Analytics For pardot | Attributio"
name = "Pardot"
keywords = "pardot, sales force, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in pardot. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
what = "Pardot is a Software as a Service (SaaS) marketing automation platform by SalesForce offering email automation, targeted email campaigns and lead management for B2B sales and marketing organizations. Pardot automates common marketing tasks, including tracking customer behaviors, creating digital marketing campaigns, Web form management, Website tracking, Search engine optimization (SEO), social marketing, landing page marketing, creating reports to track performance, lead generation, and personalization of landing page content for the current viewer. Pardot was founded in 2007 in Atlanta and the system initially integrated with a number of constituent relationship management (CRM) tools, including Salesforce. In 2012, Indianapolis-based Exact Target acquired Pardot and was shortly thereafter acquired by Salesforce, the world’s #1 CRM. Today, there are two Salesforce marketing automation products – Pardot and Marketing Cloud. Sometimes you’ll hear Marketing Cloud used to describe these two products like an umbrella."
benefit = "With Pardot, you can be confident that you’re speaking to the right person at the right time with the right language. Pardot gives you a central location to manage your projects and reports. It tracks prospects as they interact with your company across all your marketing channel and is customizable, so you can adjust it to fit your company needs. Pardot enables you to track and measure the effectiveness of your communications, gain insight on user behavior, and personalize content across campaigns based on any number of specific criteria."
why = "Pardot is built with ease of use in mind, but it doesn't come at the cost of scale. Its intuitive interface guides you as you build your best campaigns ever. Pardot supports up to 10,000 email addresses with its base package and you can buy blocks beyond that to fit your needs. It provides a full solution that helps you create meaningful connections, generate more pipeline, and empower sales to close more deals."
+++
