+++
title = "Lead Analytics For Pipedrive | Attributio"
name = "Pipedrive"
keywords = "pipedrive, , google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in Pipedrive. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/pipedrive.png"
what = "Pipedrive is a sales management tool designed to help small sales teams manage intricate or lengthy sales processes. It is a CRM system that proves particularly useful for small businesses looking to more efficiently manage their sales operations. The tool’s app is quite friendly and easy to use, so it’s great for first-timers who have no prior experience with CRM software."
benefit = "Built by sales people and hardcore web app developers, Pipedrive organizes your business leads in a way that will give you an excellent overview of your sales, and allow you to focus on the deals that you want to prioritize.  With this software, you will certainly get a solution capable of efficiently managing your company’s sales pipeline. The downright intuitiveness of the system helps you distinguish hot leads and priority deals, and develop an individual approach for each of them without wasting too much time. Negotiating a deal, or maintaining lead relationships in general is a fully flexible process, and you can quickly customize it to promote your brand, or adjust the conditions you no longer agree with."
why = "Pipedrive lets you easily organize your sales pipeline into simple chunks, helping you see exactly where every account and every lead is going. You can also easily integrate it with Google Calendar, Google Contacts, and other Google apps and many popular third-party business systems. On top of it all, Pipedrive is a universally applicable system where you can tweak all of your workflows, regardless of how complicated they may be. It is available in 13 languages to serve almost all geographies, and works with a wide range of currencies including leading and minor ones."
+++
