+++
title = "Lead Analytics For Salesforce | Attributio"
name = "Salesforce"
keywords = "salesforce, sales force, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in Salesforce. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/salesforce.png"
what = "Salesforce is a customer relationship management solution that brings you and your customers together. It is one integrated CRM platform that gives all your departments – including marketing, sales, commerce, and service – a single, shared view of every customer. Started as a Software as a Service (SaaS) company, Salesforce has grown into the fifth-largest software company in the world. Salesforce is Cloud Computing so it isn’t just about a better product at a fraction of the cost. It was about replacing the lengthy installation process and moving everything to the internet. They changed the business model – no more long-term contracts or expensive licensing deals, anyone could use Salesforce with only a simple 50-dollar monthly subscription fee."
benefit = "With Salesforce, you can improve your marketing, sales, commerce, service, IT, and more, thus attracting more buyers using your personalized marketing. Salesforce provides you with powerful connected products to win more customers by getting to know their needs and concerns, delivering amazing shopping experiences, responding faster to customer support on any channel, and automating time-consuming tasks by building custom apps."
why = "Salesforce provides you with the fastest path from Idea to App. You can concentrate on building your app using Salesforce tools, rather than building the infrastructure and tools yourself. This can save you years of time and millions of dollars.  Salesforce is in the cloud, so your team can use it from anywhere with access to the internet. If you are a business that is rapidly changing or you are a seasoned company that’s been around for years, your business is probably changing too. Salesforce is completely scalable to your growth. It seamlessly integrates with 3rd party apps. If you want to integrate it with Gmail you can do it, if you want to integrate it with your accounting software you can do that too. On the other hand, integration is tough with other CRMs."
+++
