+++
title = "Lead Analytics For Streak | Attributio"
name = "Streak"
keywords = "streak, , google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in Streak. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = ""
what = "Streak is a single powerful, efficient system that was built for Gmail providing a seamless experience between your CRM and your inbox. It also connects to your Google Apps to leverage the power behind your Google Calendar, Google Sheets, and Google Drive. It is built directly inside of Gmail for desktop and mobile, with G Suite integrations (Sheets, Chat, Drive, and more) to help you access and gather your data quickly."
benefit = "Streak lets you run your entire Sales process right inside your inbox. No more having to switch back and forth between your inbox and other tools, Streak makes it effortless to save your customer's details into your CRM without ever having to interrupt your workflow. It automatically shares emails, notes, and call logs with your team so you can pick up where they left off.   Streak access pipeline data alongside your emails and from your pocket so you always have the context you need.  It is an extension of Gmail that adds to, not replaces, familiar layouts."
why = "Streak manages sales and customer relationships directly inside Gmail. It captures your deals and extends existing Gmail into a flexible, fully featured CRM. When your sales strategy changes, updating Streak is immediate and intuitive. You can add a new column of any type, rearrange stages, or delete data at any time. Columns are specifically designed to accept numbers, free form text, drop down menus, check boxes, and anything else you could possibly need. You can use Streak to upload mock ups, proposal requests, and other documents related to a particular project. Streak makes it simple to share private discussions that develop into something relevant to the team."
+++
