+++
title = "Lead Analytics For SugarCRM | Attributio"
name = "SugarCRM"
keywords = "sugarcrm, sugar crm, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in SugarCRM. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/sugarcrm.png"
what = "SugarCRM's functionality includes sales-force automation, marketing campaigns, customer support, collaboration, Mobile CRM, Social CRM and reporting. It sells CRM software, typically referred to as Sugar, in three editions: Sugar Professional, Sugar Enterprise, and Sugar Ultimate. Each product derives from the same code tree. The products originated on the LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP) but also run on other PHP-capable platforms (such as Windows, Solaris and Mac OS X). SugarCRM can also use MS IIS as a web server, DB2 and MS SQL or Oracle as alternative databases."
benefit = "You can enhance the power of your CRM system by integrating a robust tool with SugarCRM. You can access customer information throughout the day which makes sense to centralize it at one place.As the goal of a business is to convert leads and generate revenue, SugarCRM tracks your new and existing business leads, converts these leads into opportunities and relates these new opportunities to the accounts, contacts, and employees in charge of selling to those accounts. SugarCRM integrates equally well with Sales, Marketing and Support platforms of a company, ensuring that the business is well connected with its customers on all fronts. Integrated marketing, sales, and support activities result in positive customer experiences, leading to robust business growth."
why = "Sugar provides a simple CRM interface focused on features that matter and nothing more. With their low and predictable pricing, you can build a simple CRM system that supports and grows your big ideas. It easily integrates with your existing IT fabric and quickly customizes to automate your unique business processes. With their simple CRM, they will provide you with the flexibility you need to build great, personal customer relationships while also encouraging strategic growth."
+++
