+++
title = "Lead Analytics For SuiteCRM | Attributio"
name = "SuiteCRM"
keywords = "suitecrm, suite crm, google analytics, crm, adwords, facebook, ppc, attribution, track leads, conversion tracking"
description = "Measure your advertising ROI in SuiteCRM. Capture source, medium, campaign, and visitor journey data from the first to last touch and compare with Google Analytics."
logo = "/img/platform/crm/suitecrm.png"
what = "SuiteCRM is a free and open source Customer Relationship Management application. It is a software fork of the popular customer relationship management (CRM) system from SugarCRM. The SuiteCRM project started when SugarCRM decided to stop development of its open-source version. The base SuiteCRM application is built on the last open-source SugarCRM release. SuiteCRM is a greatly extended version of SugarCRM which also contains many additional security fixes that are not available in SugarCRM. It was originally released on October 21, 2013 as version 7.0, and provides upgrade paths for existing SugarCRM users."
benefit = "With SuiteCRM, you are able to engage with their potential clients and existing customers at every point of contact and optimize all opportunities that come along. As the software is offered as a free and open source platform, you are able to reduce your CRM-related expenses by as much as 80%. You also have total control over deployment and you can choose to have SuiteCRM deployed in your private cloud or directly on your servers behind your firewalls. SuiteCRM gives you highly actionable insights on which to base critical business decisions, actions, and strategies. SuiteCRM is designed to greatly improve business sales by enabling companies to bolster conversions, turn leads into customers, and drive innovation in product development and customer care."
why = "With SuiteCRM, you are able to engage with their potential clients and existing customers at every point of contact and optimize all opportunities that come along. As the software is offered as a free and open source platform, you are able to reduce your CRM-related expenses by as much as 80%. You also have total control over deployment and you can choose to have SuiteCRM deployed in your private cloud or directly on your servers behind your firewalls. SuiteCRM gives you highly actionable insights on which to base critical business decisions, actions, and strategies. SuiteCRM is designed to greatly improve business sales by enabling companies to bolster conversions, turn leads into customers, and drive innovation in product development and customer care."
+++
